So in the next lecture will develop a basic Android application to better understand the background
of the Android structure and Android security.
But before developing an application, first, we do need to create an Android virtual device to run
and simulate our application.
So why don't we get started?
Go to Android studio, click on Configure on the lower right corner and avoid manager.
Create a virtual device.
Now, the select hardware page appears and there are signs and resolution information here and all the
different devices.
To choose from so select a hardware profile and click next.
Now we'll select a system image, so I'll download Android are.
And see how it's installing the components.
And we'll wait for a bit.
There it is now you can click, finish.
And select R from this list next.
All right, so we'll name the new device.
All right, so it's ready, we can run the device, so let's double click on it.
Now it's starting up.
All right, so let's have a look at it, you can see the emulator looks like a real device.
Their applications in the menu and you can do any changes from the extended control settings of the
device from here.
So after developing an application, Android studio will run the app on any selected virtual device
that you want.